# YOUR PROJECT TITLE
#### Video Demo:  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9PYPgibzGQU&feature=youtu.be)

#### Description: this web app is a simplified imdb. It has a home page with the most recent releases and the most relevant shows and movies. It has a ranking page where users can check the most highly rated series and films as well as a search page with some filters options. A user can also check their profile where they have a some basic statics as well as the list of series in their list.

#### database: the database consist on 3 main tables for users, shows and people with 2  more, roles table to relate a people and shows and users_list to store the shows that a user have in their list.

#### html: The "layout.html" contains the top and bottom menu as well as defines the div with the page content. the "login.html", "register.html" are very simple page with a single form user to log-in and sign-up. The "index.html" displays the most recent releases films and shows as well as the one with the most status change in the last few months(if this part is empty it's because there was no user activity in the last 6 month so try to register and add something to the list)."show.html" required and will display the show's info(if the id is in the database) and allows use to add said the show to their list. In the "topmovies.html" and "topshows.html" files are accessable by click the dropdown menu that appear when hovering the "movies" and "shows" in the uppermenu  and allows the user to check the most highly rated shows a movies through. In the dropdown there's also a search page with a few filtering optin in the "search.html" the filter are "and filter" so if the add a title and year it will only display entries with that title and year. Finally there's "profile.html" where it's display some stats regarding the number of shows in the user list and the user list itself with some filter options, if the list of the user is empty it will display nothing so add some shows to the list so test it out


#### app.py: Index route makes 4 database calls to get list of the 5 most recent movies and series and the movies and series with the most activity, these last two will get the movies/shows with the most activity by user in the last six moths.There's a "register" route that allows the user to register and throws an error if the username is already being used and "login" route that allows the user to login throwing an error message if either the password or username are incorrect. The "show" will check if there's any argument and will redirect to the homepage if not.  if the the If there is an argument it will make a database call with with the give id and if it finds a match in the database will display the shows info otherwise it will give an error message. The "addlist" route gets called when the logged in user tries to add show to their list or edit the status of a show in their list it will try to conver the show_id and score to int and check if the status string is correct and give an error message if any of them is not. It will then call the database to check if there's any show with that id and if so it will call the database again to check if the show is in the user list if not it will make a "add statement" if so it make an "update statment". The "topmovies" and "topshows" route will make an database call the database to get the top 5 shows by user getting only entries that have at least one user rating if and offset argument is passed it will get the top 5 shows after that offset value. Finally the "search" route allows the user search for shows by title, type or year or mix of all of them but with "AND" filter so if it find a show with a type select but it's not from the year pick it will not display. The section of the query that filter the dates is quite complex because i used the "omdbapi" that uses the the format like "2000-2002" for shows the extend to over a year, so i had to divide the string into two column for start and end year and if the year in the filter is between the year in those column if will get the show.